Add README and code comments for fault heatmap (#261)
slaclab/sc_linac_physics: docs/displays/fault_heatmap.md

# Fault Heatmap Display

> A single-screen visualization of fault activity across all 296 cavities in the LCLS-II superconducting linac. Each cavity is color-coded by fault count over a user-selected time range. Navy/purple means low activity, yellow means the worst offenders.

Reviewer: 480, I keep making this mistake too

Author: Fixed thanks!

> A single-screen visualization of fault activity across all 296 cavities in the LCLS-II superconducting linac. Each cavity is color-coded by fault count over a user-selected time range. Navy/purple means low activity, yellow means the worst offenders.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A single-screen visualization of fault activity across all 480 cavities in the LCLS superconducting linac. Each cavity is color-coded by fault count over a user-selected time range. Navy/purple means low activity, yellow means the worst offenders.
```

5. Severity checkboxes and the TLC dropdown filter counts on the fly without re-fetching

## Color Scale

The default gradient runs through 6 stops:

| Position | Color | Meaning |
|----------|-------|---------|
| 0.0 | Dark purple | No/few faults |
| 0.2 | Blue-purple | Low |
| 0.4 | Teal | Below average |
| 0.6 | Green-teal | Above average |
| 0.8 | Green-yellow | High |
| 1.0 | Bright yellow | Worst |

Log scale is on by default. It spreads out the low end of the range so you can still distinguish cavities with 2 vs 10 faults even when one cavity has 500.

## Selection and Partial Fetch

- **Click** a cavity to select/deselect it (cyan border)
- **Click** a CM label to toggle all 8 cavities in that cryomodule
- **Click** the select button on a linac section header to toggle the whole section
- With cavities selected, **Fetch Selected** re-queries only those cavities, useful for refreshing a trouble spot without waiting for the full linac

## Keyboard Shortcuts

| Key | Action |
|-----|--------|
| `F5` | Reload all faults |
| `Esc` | Clear selection |

## Running Standalone

```bash
# With a real machine connection

> python -m sc_linac_physics.displays.cavity_display.frontend.heatmap.fault_heatmap_display

Reviewer: If the CLI doesn't exist yet you can also add one, just to save yourself some typing

Author: Not yet, good idea though! I'll add one in a follow up PR.

# For development without EPICS
PYDM_DEFAULT_PROTOCOL=fake python -m sc_linac_physics.displays.cavity_display.frontend.heatmap.fault_heatmap_display
```

The display needs a `BackendMachine` instance. When run as `__main__`, it creates one with `lazy_fault_pvs=True` and sets the archiver timeout to 30 seconds.

## Linac Layout

The grid mirrors the physical linac layout:

```
Row 1:  L0B (1 CM)  |  L1B (12 CMs + H1, H2)  |  L2B (4 CMs)
Row 2:  L3B (12 CMs)

> Row 3:  L4B (8 CMs)

Reviewer 2: How did we end up with such wrong numbers for the layout in the first place?

> Row 3:  L4B (8 CMs)

Author: Yeah sorry I based it off the older layout and didn't factor in the new L4B.
